# CS180-Project5

1. Instructions: Before you start the program make sure you have the “Allow multiple instances” modification on. You can do this in Intellij by clicking the “Run” section of the toolbar and selecting the option “Edit Configurations…”. That will take you to a menu within Intellij, where you should see the button “Modify options”. After picking that, you select the option “Allow multiple instances”, and then multiple users can use the program concurrently on the same computer. To begin the program, run the Server.java file, followed by the Client.java file. The program then prompts the user to create an account, or sign into a currently existing account. After selecting an option, they are then prompted to select either a customer account or a seller account. Then, depending on which type of account is chosen, the user is redirected to a large dropdown menu where they can select what they would like to do. If the user creates or logs into a customer account, their options are to edit their account, browse all products, search for a product, review purchase history, check statistics, and log out. Edit account allows the user to change their username and/or password. Browse products show a list of items that are available for purchase. Searching will give you specific results from the marketplace based on your search term. Purchase history allows the user to export their history into a readable file. Checking statistics lets the customer view purchase data from the stores through alphabetical order, total products sold, or by the amount of products you bought. Lastly, logging out will end the program. In the case that the user selects a seller account, they will have the option to edit the account, add, edit, or delete a store, check statistics, or log out. Editing the account works the same as the customer side of the program. Adding a store permits the user to create a store tied to their username through a CSV file, or by creating one through the program. Edit store allows for modification of the products within a store owned by a user. Delete the store will remove all the products and information stored in that specific store. The check statistics option for the seller side sorts the data by customer purchases, and sorts the data by product sales, and it gives the option of exporting the store as a CSV. Finally, the last option is a logout button which will end the program.   

2. Submission Information: Stephen Kruse submitted Project Report to Brightspace, Elliott Bode submitted repository to Vocareum, and Stephen Kruse submitted Presentation to Brightspace.

3. Java Class Descriptions: This program utilizes five Java Classes: Client, Server, Product, Seller, and Stores. The server class is where a majority of the work in the program is done, especially file reading and file writing. The client class stores all of the GUIs, and has minor processing to check if the cancel or exit button is selected, and to ensure valid user inputs. The server and client classes are constantly communicating through writers and readers. The seller class contains the information that is designated to the user account when they log in or sign up with a "seller" account. The stores class creates a store object that holds the products and is held by a seller object in a list. The product class contains the information for each product (quantity, price, description, etc) and creates an object that can be held in a list in a store's object.
